en, zh: update doc about deploying initializer (#1271)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/initialize-a-cluster.md

Refer to [TidbInitializer example](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/manifests/initializer/tidb-initializer.yaml), [API documentation](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/docs/api-references/docs.md), and the following steps to complete TidbInitializer Custom Resource (CR), and save it to the `${cluster_name}/tidb-initializer.yaml` file. Please switch the TidbInitializer example and API documentation to the currently used version of TiDB Operator.

> Modify `spec.cluster.namespace` field and `spec.cluster.name` field in the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set the cluster namespace and name

In the `${cluster_name}/tidb-initializer.yaml` file, modify the `spec.cluster.namespace` and `spec.cluster.name` fields:
```
